# Backend Skills Test


## What is it?

This skill test has three levels of completion which will be explained in the requirements section. 

**Please note:** you are not required to complete all levels, they are meant to help us assess your level of comfort related to the stack.

- Level 1: gRPC services basic implementation
- Level 2: Integrate a simple postgres database to save data.
- Level 3: Implement messaging broker


## Requirements
___

> ### General requirements

1. Create a repository on Github and share the link to the repo upon completion.
2. _Must use `Golang`_

> ### Level 1
 ___

Build two `gRPC` services, `auth-service` and `otp-service`. 

### Auth Service

Create an auth service. This service will handle authentication and simple user profile.

#### Create Account

1. A user should be able to create an account using a phone number.
2. On account creation an OTP should be generated by the OTP service. 
2. A user should be able to verify the account using the received OTP.
4. A user should be able to login. By using otp.
6. A user should be able to get their profile.

#### What to implement for Auth Service

1. SignupWithPhoneNumber
2. VerifyPhoneNumber
3. LoginWithPhoneNumber
4. ValidatePhoneNumberLogin
5. GetProfile

### OTP Service
Create an OTP service. This service will handle the creation of an OTP.

1. Will generate randomized OTP when called upon using Twilio's API.

> ### Level 2
___

Implement and integrate a postgres database in which to save specific events occurring within the Auth service.

1. Save user profile.
2. Save login and logout event data.

> ### Level 3
___

Integrate RabbitMQ message broker and integrate with services

### Auth Service

1. Publish `SendOTP` message on `verification` topic upon a user's account creation

### OTP Service

1. Will consume the `SendOTP` event, then send an OTP to the user's phone.

# Resources


### gRPC

quickstart: https://grpc.io/docs/languages/go/quickstart/

### Twilio

API docs: https://www.twilio.com/docs/sms/api

### RabbitMQ

quickstart: https://www.rabbitmq.com/tutorials/tutorial-one-go.html

# Bonus Points

1. Tests
2. Comments
